Validation: description-missing fixes. (#244)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/layers/index.md

---
title: "Layers | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the Layer class, which separates multiple data sets as layers, and provides lists of code examples and references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Layers section contains links to examples and code references for the Layer, TileLayer and TileSource Classes and TileLayerOptions and TileSourceOptions Objects.
```
